reconfigure graph and graph edge content (#533)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/graphs/example-graphs.md

---
title: Example Graphs
sidebar_position: 30
---

> The GDN comes with a set of easily graspable graphs that are used to demonstrate the APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Macrometa comes with a set of easily graspable graphs that are used to demonstrate the APIs.
```

Reviewer: We are demonstrating the APIs? This is not the PR for a major rework, but damn, we need to rework this topic.

Author: @diana-macrometa I thought the content in those pages seemed like duplicates of other content and removed them. I also 'rebranded' the Graph Query page as a getting started.

Reviewer: Please put the tasks back for now.

Author: I added the tasks back

> You can use the `add samples` tab in the `create graph` window in the web interface and use it to create instances of these graphs in your GDN fabric. Once you've created them, you can them in GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `add samples` tab in the `create graph` window in the web interface and use it to create instances of these graphs in your GDN fabric. Once you've created them, you can them in Macrometa web console.
```
